Customer: Wanting to ask about upgrades.


Agent: Hello Karen_, Thank you for contacting Comcast Live Chat Support. My name is Bryan Albert. Please give me one moment to review your information.


Agent: Hi!  Welcome to Comcast!  How are you today


Customer: I am doing ok, yourself?


Agent: I am doing great Karen! Thank you for asking! I would be happy to help you with that!


Customer: I am wanting to inquire about adding HD service and/or DVR to my existing plan. I am deciding whether to stay with comcast or move to AT&T.


Customer: How much extra would it be to add HD alone? How much would it be to add HD and DVR? Is there a special pricing you can give to me as an existing customer no longer on contract?


Agent: Sure Karen! I would be happy to give you the information you need.


Agent: May I have your account number so I can pull up the accurate information for you?




Agent: Thank you so much Karen! Let me pull up your account for you.


Agent: Thank you so much for patiently waiting Karen! Much appreciated!


Agent: The HD service add-on would be 15.95 Karen.


Customer: There must be a typo in your last statement..$15.95!?


Customer: I contacted Comcast about a month or so ago and the young lady quoted me about $6.00.


Customer: Maybe you meant to type $5.95?


Agent: I apologize for that typo Karen, You are indeed correct. I meant to type 5.95


Customer: Does that include DVR or just HD?


Agent: That would be for HD only Kare. The HDDVR would be 7.95 Karen.


Customer: Ok..how about adding extra channels? Are there any options available for that?


Agent: Good news Karen, once you add HD service. You would indeed automatically get additional channels and already in HD format too!


Customer: How many? Which ones?


Customer: ?


Agent: You would be able to get HD HBO, HD, Starz, HD TMC and many more Karen.


Agent: One more good thing Karen!


Customer: So the HDHBO, HDStarz, and HDTMC are included free?


Customer: and when you say "many more," I would like to know specifically what channels.


Customer: And what is the one more good thing?


Agent: Did you know that once you have added an HD service Karen, You are then eligible to sign up for 3D add-on of your HD?


Customer: I am not interested in 3D, thank you. I would like you to answer my above two questions.


Agent: The channels are would include your current channels in  your package Karen .Plus HD HBO, STARZ. I cannot give you the definite list of channels Karen, Since the broadcasters have reserved the right to add or remove their programs/channels in HD broadcast resolution.


Customer: Would I be paying anything extra for the HBO and Starz on top of the $5.95 extra? Do I only have those for 3 months as a free addon or is it included in the $5.95 indefinitely?


Agent: Yes you are correct Karen, Those channels would be part as a free add-on for 3 months. and you dont have to pay extra for those channels Karen.


Agent: Just to set proper expectations Karen, After 3 months, that is when you would be asked if you are still interested in continuing those premier channels


Customer: And after 3 months? Can you please get to the chase? No need to beat around the bush. Those channels are not free and that is not a special deal if I have to pay for them.


Customer: And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?


Agent: That is what I meant in my previous message Karen, The channels would be free for 3 months as part of the promotional HD addon


Agent: After 3 months. Comcast would inform you that the promotional period for those channels is over. And would ask you if you would still be interested in continuing the channels


Agent: Should you decide to continue those channels after the 3 month promo period, That is when it will be charged already and not be offered free.


Customer: And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?


Agent: Not exactly Karen. Some channels are broadcasted in standard definition always.


Agent: Let me give you a link that might be helpful to you Karen, Thank you so much.


Agent: Please standby as I get you the link Karen. Thank you.


Customer: Ok


Agent: Thank you Karen.


Agent: I will be giving you the link which shows a channel line up Karen.


Agent: Just a heads up, the channel line up might be subject to change anytime Karen. Thank you so much.


Customer: I am waiting for this link.


Customer: Understood, Thanks.


Agent: Thank you Karen


Customer: Link??


Agent: I am still pulling it up Karen.  I apologize for the tool latency that we are having. we are currently having site maintenance


Agent:


»www.comcast.com/Customer ··· pup.ashx



Customer: Which package type do I select from the drop down menu?


Agent: That is already selected on HDTV Karen. You may double check though. Thank you.


Customer: No, the link shows me all channels (963 of them). From the drop down box, which package do I select? HD Digital Preferred? HD Digital Premiere? HD Digital Starter? Multilatino Ultra?


Agent: That is it Karen. HDTV would refer to those 3 packages Karen. You can select HD digital starter


Customer: So if I add the $5.95 HD service to my plan I have already, I would be considered to have the HD Digital Starter plan?


Agent: Yes that is exactly correct Karen.


Customer: So the next step up would be the HD digital preferred? How much extra would I need to pay a month for that?


Agent: You would only need to add :


Agent: $7.95 Karen to the current 5.95


Agent: Which would make it 13.90 in total Karen.


Customer: Ok, so If I add the $5.95 HD addon, would I have to sign a contract or no?


Agent: No Karen, No worries, You would only need to have your service upgraded by the Sales department. No need to sign any contract no worries. You would have the option to end HD service any time .


Customer: Alright. Last question, what if I wanted to add DVR to the $5.95 HD addon, how much would that be?


Agent: That would be 4.00 only Karen. Bringing it to 9.95.


Customer: Would you happen to know how much my bill would be each month after taxes if I add the $5.95? the $9.95?


Agent: Let me get the detailed amount for you Karen. Thank you


Customer: Thank you.


Agent: You are most welcome Karen!


Agent: It would be 119.21 monthly if you add the 5.95 Karen


Agent: And it would be 123.21 monthly for the 9.95 add-on


Customer: Ok sounds good, I would like to add the HD and DVR $9.95 addon..When does this start? Do I need to pick up the receiver? Does Comcast bring it to me?


Agent: That is Great Karen! For an upgrade to a higher package Karen, I would need to connect you to my Sales partner to finalize the upgrade for you. No worries, Comcast can indeed ship it to you. Would you like me to connect you now to my Sales partner?


Customer: Yes, Thanks.


Agent: You are most welcome Karen! I appreciate your desire to upgrade to a Higher package. Please stay online as I connect you, Thank you!


Agent: Please wait, while the problem is escalated to another analyst


Agent: A pleasant day to you! I appreciate the time and opportunity you take in to chat with us. I will be your Comcast Analyst today and it is with great pleasure that I'll be assisting you today. How are you doing?


Customer: Fine, you probably have all the info you need from the previous chat, I would like to get this finalized as quick as possible.


Agent: I understand that you want to upgrade your cable service. I am sorry that you have been routed to Internet and Phone Department. I'll be connecting you with Sales so your request will be accommodated. PLease stay on chat.




Agent: Please wait, while the problem is escalated to another analyst


Agent: It is a pleasure to have you on chat! You can call me Maiah. This is the final step of your order process and I hope you haven't waited so long to be assisted. Rest assured I would be more than happy to process your order today.




Agent: Karen, I can see here you would like to upgrade your cable services, is that right?


Customer: Yes.


Agent: Thank you for the interest in our services. I would be more than happy to assist you on that.


Agent: To protect your privacy by ensuring we do not discuss account information or make changes to your account without your knowledge and consent, could you please verify the last 4 digits of your SSN together with your full account number?




Agent: May I have your full acount number please?


Customer: ******


Agent: Thank you for that information.


Agent: Let me now pull-up your account.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Agent: I am now looking into your account.


Agent: I can see here you wish to add one HDDVR to your service is that right?


Customer: If that is the $9.95 add-on then yes.


Agent: Okay, let me double check on that for you.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Agent: Karen would this be an additional or change one of the DTA boxes?


Customer: I have no idea what the means. I just spent a very long time with someone who said I just need to pay an extra $9.95 a month for HD and DVR service upgrade. That is all I know and that is all I want.


Agent: Okay.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Customer: ?


Agent: Still on it.


Customer: Maiah, I would like to end this chat as quickly as possible. I have been talking with you all for a while now. I do not understand why I am being switched around to so many people and still have not been upgraded yet.


Agent: I will be the one who can process the order since this is the sales. I am still upgrading your account.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Agent: Karen, I have tried to add the HDDVR but it seems that the rate for your specific market would be $15.95.


Customer: I just spent almost two hours now finalizing this entire order and now you are telling me it is going to be $15.95!? There is no way.. I have above even the quoted monthly after taxes bill. I need to speak with a supervisor.


Customer: This is ridiculous!


Agent: The HD is $7.95 plus DVR upgrade of $8.00.


Customer: I need to speak to your supervisor.


Customer: Two hours Maiah! Do not come in two minutes and change everything at the last second. That is not right one bit and I am extremely upset right now.


Customer: ?????????????


Agent: I am trying to double check if I could provide a discount for you.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Agent: I totally understand, no worries, I am trying my best on this.


Customer: Double check? Discount? You understand? This is not rocket science. The gentleman gave me the price of $9.95 extra a month. I said yes. He connected me to get that added. I don't understand what the problem is and why it is taking so long.


Customer: I have now been connected with you for a half hour with still nothing to show Maiah.


Agent: I totally understand and I apologize for the inconvenience. I apologize as well for the wrong information and to compensate I am trying to look for a discount for you.


Customer: How convenient I receive all the "wrong" info and then when it is actually time to add it shoots up to $15.95!? There should be no compensation or discount needed. The price should be $9.95, simple as that.


Agent: I am doing my best right now for you Karen.


Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.


Agent: Karen, I have tried all I could but we can only offer the HDDVR for only $9.99 for 6 months. And by the way Karen, do you have HD TV?


Customer: You must be out of your mind!! I need a supervisor this instance!


Customer: Do not talk to me anymore. Do not type anything else besides that you are connecting me to a supervisor.


Customer: Why is it taking so long. Is there a delay in sending and receiving these messages???


Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.


Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.


Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.


Customer: You better be typing that you are connecting me to s supervisor.


Agent: I understand how you feel, Karen just a heads up though, since we will be suing the same tools I am afraid that my supervisor will be informing you about the same last offer we can provide. Rest assured that we will be escalating the previous agent who has provided you a wrong information.


Agent: *using


Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.


Customer: I did not ask for your explanation, I need to chat with a supervisor.


Customer: I need a supervisor or I will be blogging this chat on tech forums to show the kind of customer service Comcast provides.


Agent: One moment, Karen, I am still communicating with my supervisor to receive the chat.