Agent: Thanks for contacting EA Customer Experience, my name is Nipun. How may I assist you today?
Customer: hello
Agent: Hello Ben !
Customer: I bought simcity and told I cannot install it due to the product code already being used
Agent: I see
Customer: is there anyway to get the code reset or am i out the money paid?
Agent: I would like to inform you that you have purchased a used copy of the game it cannot be redeemed on your account as once the code is redeemed it cannot be redeemed again .
Agent: As per the EA policies we do not suggest customers to purchase a used copy of the game .
Customer: this is a very bad policy as I bought it NEW
Customer: and very bad customer service
Agent: I understand your state of mind but these policies are made for the security of the customer's account .What best I can do is I will provide you a 15% discount code which you may use to purchase the new copy of the same .How about that ?
Customer: I already bought it! What does a 15% discount do when I already paid $60 for it?
Agent: I am afraid then as its an online game needs to active on the account which you are using .I am so sorry as you would not be able to play until its active on your account.
Customer: may i speak with your supervisor
Agent: Yes you may
Agent: Do you mind if I place your chat on hold of a couple of minutes so that I can connect you with my supervisor ?
Customer: please do
Agent: Thank you for waiting. I appreciate your patience.
Agent: As I have checked this issue with my supervisor he also told me the same thing that once the code is redeemed it cannot be redeemed again on other account .
Agent: This is an EA policy .
Customer: EA has just lost a customer for life
Customer: I will gladly post to every forum social networking site about this issue
Agent: If I were in your shoes, I’m sure I’d feel just as you do but as per the policies this is not possible to redeem the code again .
Customer: and considering I asked to SPEAK to your supervisor and you come back with a reply, that is very bad customer service
info: Your chat transcript will be sent to ************@*mail.com at the end of your chat session.
Customer: shows where EA rates its customers
Agent: In what issue you want to talk with the supervisor as I have discussed the case with him he said the same thing which I have already told you o.
Customer: really? 
Agent: Yes .
Agent: I have discussed this case with him .
Customer: i need the phone number for your corporate office and your employee id number
Agent: You may use the call me option available on the help website and our team will call you up for this issue .Our team will be available from  8AM-11PM CDT, Monday through Saturday
Agent: I would not be able to provide you the employee id number as this is not allowed. You may have this case id for the reference : 1********
Agent: Is there anything else that you wish to know?

Customer: Wanting to ask about upgrades.

Agent: Hello Karen_, Thank you for contacting Comcast Live Chat Support. My name is Bryan Albert. Please give me one moment to review your information.

Agent: Hi!  Welcome to Comcast!  How are you today

Customer: I am doing ok, yourself?

Agent: I am doing great Karen! Thank you for asking! I would be happy to help you with that!

Customer: I am wanting to inquire about adding HD service and/or DVR to my existing plan. I am deciding whether to stay with comcast or move to AT&T.

Customer: How much extra would it be to add HD alone? How much would it be to add HD and DVR? Is there a special pricing you can give to me as an existing customer no longer on contract?

Agent: Sure Karen! I would be happy to give you the information you need.

Agent: May I have your account number so I can pull up the accurate information for you?


Agent: Thank you so much Karen! Let me pull up your account for you.

Agent: Thank you so much for patiently waiting Karen! Much appreciated!

Agent: The HD service add-on would be 15.95 Karen.

Customer: There must be a typo in your last statement..$15.95!?

Customer: I contacted Comcast about a month or so ago and the young lady quoted me about $6.00.

Customer: Maybe you meant to type $5.95?

Agent: I apologize for that typo Karen, You are indeed correct. I meant to type 5.95

Customer: Does that include DVR or just HD?

Agent: That would be for HD only Kare. The HDDVR would be 7.95 Karen.

Customer: Ok..how about adding extra channels? Are there any options available for that?

Agent: Good news Karen, once you add HD service. You would indeed automatically get additional channels and already in HD format too!

Customer: How many? Which ones?

Customer: ?

Agent: You would be able to get HD HBO, HD, Starz, HD TMC and many more Karen.

Agent: One more good thing Karen!

Customer: So the HDHBO, HDStarz, and HDTMC are included free?

Customer: and when you say "many more," I would like to know specifically what channels.

Customer: And what is the one more good thing?

Agent: Did you know that once you have added an HD service Karen, You are then eligible to sign up for 3D add-on of your HD?

Customer: I am not interested in 3D, thank you. I would like you to answer my above two questions.

Agent: The channels are would include your current channels in  your package Karen .Plus HD HBO, STARZ. I cannot give you the definite list of channels Karen, Since the broadcasters have reserved the right to add or remove their programs/channels in HD broadcast resolution.

Customer: Would I be paying anything extra for the HBO and Starz on top of the $5.95 extra? Do I only have those for 3 months as a free addon or is it included in the $5.95 indefinitely?

Agent: Yes you are correct Karen, Those channels would be part as a free add-on for 3 months. and you dont have to pay extra for those channels Karen.

Agent: Just to set proper expectations Karen, After 3 months, that is when you would be asked if you are still interested in continuing those premier channels

Customer: And after 3 months? Can you please get to the chase? No need to beat around the bush. Those channels are not free and that is not a special deal if I have to pay for them.

Customer: And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?

Agent: That is what I meant in my previous message Karen, The channels would be free for 3 months as part of the promotional HD addon

Agent: After 3 months. Comcast would inform you that the promotional period for those channels is over. And would ask you if you would still be interested in continuing the channels

Agent: Should you decide to continue those channels after the 3 month promo period, That is when it will be charged already and not be offered free.

Customer: And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?

Agent: Not exactly Karen. Some channels are broadcasted in standard definition always.

Agent: Let me give you a link that might be helpful to you Karen, Thank you so much.

Agent: Please standby as I get you the link Karen. Thank you.

Customer: Ok

Agent: Thank you Karen.

Agent: I will be giving you the link which shows a channel line up Karen.

Agent: Just a heads up, the channel line up might be subject to change anytime Karen. Thank you so much.

Customer: I am waiting for this link.

Customer: Understood, Thanks.

Agent: Thank you Karen

Customer: Link??

Agent: I am still pulling it up Karen.  I apologize for the tool latency that we are having. we are currently having site maintenance

Agent:

»www.comcast.com/Customer ··· pup.ashx

Customer: Which package type do I select from the drop down menu?

Agent: That is already selected on HDTV Karen. You may double check though. Thank you.

Customer: No, the link shows me all channels (963 of them). From the drop down box, which package do I select? HD Digital Preferred? HD Digital Premiere? HD Digital Starter? Multilatino Ultra?

Agent: That is it Karen. HDTV would refer to those 3 packages Karen. You can select HD digital starter

Customer: So if I add the $5.95 HD service to my plan I have already, I would be considered to have the HD Digital Starter plan?

Agent: Yes that is exactly correct Karen.

Customer: So the next step up would be the HD digital preferred? How much extra would I need to pay a month for that?

Agent: You would only need to add :

Agent: $7.95 Karen to the current 5.95

Agent: Which would make it 13.90 in total Karen.

Customer: Ok, so If I add the $5.95 HD addon, would I have to sign a contract or no?

Agent: No Karen, No worries, You would only need to have your service upgraded by the Sales department. No need to sign any contract no worries. You would have the option to end HD service any time .

Customer: Alright. Last question, what if I wanted to add DVR to the $5.95 HD addon, how much would that be?

Agent: That would be 4.00 only Karen. Bringing it to 9.95.

Customer: Would you happen to know how much my bill would be each month after taxes if I add the $5.95? the $9.95?

Agent: Let me get the detailed amount for you Karen. Thank you

Customer: Thank you.

Agent: You are most welcome Karen!

Agent: It would be 119.21 monthly if you add the 5.95 Karen

Agent: And it would be 123.21 monthly for the 9.95 add-on

Customer: Ok sounds good, I would like to add the HD and DVR $9.95 addon..When does this start? Do I need to pick up the receiver? Does Comcast bring it to me?

Agent: That is Great Karen! For an upgrade to a higher package Karen, I would need to connect you to my Sales partner to finalize the upgrade for you. No worries, Comcast can indeed ship it to you. Would you like me to connect you now to my Sales partner?

Customer: Yes, Thanks.

Agent: You are most welcome Karen! I appreciate your desire to upgrade to a Higher package. Please stay online as I connect you, Thank you!

Agent: Please wait, while the problem is escalated to another analyst

Agent: A pleasant day to you! I appreciate the time and opportunity you take in to chat with us. I will be your Comcast Analyst today and it is with great pleasure that I'll be assisting you today. How are you doing?

Customer: Fine, you probably have all the info you need from the previous chat, I would like to get this finalized as quick as possible.

Agent: I understand that you want to upgrade your cable service. I am sorry that you have been routed to Internet and Phone Department. I'll be connecting you with Sales so your request will be accommodated. PLease stay on chat.


Agent: Please wait, while the problem is escalated to another analyst

Agent: It is a pleasure to have you on chat! You can call me Maiah. This is the final step of your order process and I hope you haven't waited so long to be assisted. Rest assured I would be more than happy to process your order today.


Agent: Karen, I can see here you would like to upgrade your cable services, is that right?

Customer: Yes.

Agent: Thank you for the interest in our services. I would be more than happy to assist you on that.

Agent: To protect your privacy by ensuring we do not discuss account information or make changes to your account without your knowledge and consent, could you please verify the last 4 digits of your SSN together with your full account number?


Agent: May I have your full acount number please?

Customer: ******

Agent: Thank you for that information.

Agent: Let me now pull-up your account.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Agent: I am now looking into your account.

Agent: I can see here you wish to add one HDDVR to your service is that right?

Customer: If that is the $9.95 add-on then yes.

Agent: Okay, let me double check on that for you.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Agent: Karen would this be an additional or change one of the DTA boxes?

Customer: I have no idea what the means. I just spent a very long time with someone who said I just need to pay an extra $9.95 a month for HD and DVR service upgrade. That is all I know and that is all I want.

Agent: Okay.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Customer: ?

Agent: Still on it.

Customer: Maiah, I would like to end this chat as quickly as possible. I have been talking with you all for a while now. I do not understand why I am being switched around to so many people and still have not been upgraded yet.

Agent: I will be the one who can process the order since this is the sales. I am still upgrading your account.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Agent: Karen, I have tried to add the HDDVR but it seems that the rate for your specific market would be $15.95.

Customer: I just spent almost two hours now finalizing this entire order and now you are telling me it is going to be $15.95!? There is no way.. I have above even the quoted monthly after taxes bill. I need to speak with a supervisor.

Customer: This is ridiculous!

Agent: The HD is $7.95 plus DVR upgrade of $8.00.

Customer: I need to speak to your supervisor.

Customer: Two hours Maiah! Do not come in two minutes and change everything at the last second. That is not right one bit and I am extremely upset right now.

Customer: ?????????????

Agent: I am trying to double check if I could provide a discount for you.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Agent: I totally understand, no worries, I am trying my best on this.

Customer: Double check? Discount? You understand? This is not rocket science. The gentleman gave me the price of $9.95 extra a month. I said yes. He connected me to get that added. I don't understand what the problem is and why it is taking so long.

Customer: I have now been connected with you for a half hour with still nothing to show Maiah.

Agent: I totally understand and I apologize for the inconvenience. I apologize as well for the wrong information and to compensate I am trying to look for a discount for you.

Customer: How convenient I receive all the "wrong" info and then when it is actually time to add it shoots up to $15.95!? There should be no compensation or discount needed. The price should be $9.95, simple as that.

Agent: I am doing my best right now for you Karen.

Agent: Will be right back so please stay online. Thank you.

Agent: Karen, I have tried all I could but we can only offer the HDDVR for only $9.99 for 6 months. And by the way Karen, do you have HD TV?

Customer: You must be out of your mind!! I need a supervisor this instance!

Customer: Do not talk to me anymore. Do not type anything else besides that you are connecting me to a supervisor.

Customer: Why is it taking so long. Is there a delay in sending and receiving these messages???

Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.

Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.

Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.

Customer: You better be typing that you are connecting me to s supervisor.

Agent: I understand how you feel, Karen just a heads up though, since we will be suing the same tools I am afraid that my supervisor will be informing you about the same last offer we can provide. Rest assured that we will be escalating the previous agent who has provided you a wrong information.

Agent: *using

Customer: Connect me to a supervisor.

Customer: I did not ask for your explanation, I need to chat with a supervisor.

Customer: I need a supervisor or I will be blogging this chat on tech forums to show the kind of customer service Comcast provides.

Agent: One moment, Karen, I am still communicating with my supervisor to receive the chat.

Agent: Hello Elizabeth, Thank you for contacting [company] Chat Support. My name is Carol. Please give me one moment to review your information.
Agent: My pleasure to have you on this chat, Elizabeth! Remaining committed and focused on my goal which is to provide quality customer service at my fullest effort will always be at the pinnacle. It is with utmost sincerity that I want to extend apologies for any trouble, inconvenience and frustration the log in issue has brought along your way. I simply hope you are doing fine.
Agent: No worries. As your [company] service representative, I want you to know that issue resolution and your satisfaction are my top priorities for today. Together, we can work this out, Elizabeth.
Agent: As I understand your concern, Elizabeth, you want to retrieve your [company] username and password for you to be able to access your online account, right?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Thanks for clarifying that.
Agent: I genuinely know how it feels to be in your shoes right now and how inconvenient it is for you to contact us for this. I admit I sometimes encounter the same problem as yours like whenever I am not aware of my log ins, Elizabeth, which makes me realize on where the feeling of frustration may come from.
Agent: Don't worry, the wait will be worth, together, we will make sure to get this issue done for you. All we need to do is to check your account, look up for your [company] email address, and generate a temporary password for you to use in accessing your account.
Customer: OMG — please stop empathizing with me and just solve my problem!
Agent: I totally understand how important it is for you to have easy access to your account whenever and wherever you need to, Elizabeth. I can definitely take care of this for you today. Let me go right ahead and pull up your account first. Protecting your privacy is a priority to [company], may I have the name on the account, account number and the last four digits of your socials?
Customer: Elizabeth [last name]
Agent: Sure, Elizabeth.
Customer: [Account number]
Customer: [Social security number]
Agent: Awesome! The information truly helps for me to pull up your account! Thanks!
Agent: I appreciate your cooperation and patience. I have the account up now. I am checking on it, Elizabeth.
Agent: Oh by the way, for chatting in today, I am very happy to inform you that I can sign you up to and take advantage of our best [Company] features. This one's for free!
Agent: [Company] allows [product] subscribers to get 2 GB of space, a personalized portal, and the ability to share files through this site, [URL]. Plus, you can definitely take advantage of this feature if you have Norton installed in your computer since it automatically backs up files when your PC is idle, so backups won't slow you down or get in your way. Norton Backup will back up files to the local computer. For an online backup solution [company] offers [product] — [URL].
Customer: You should save your upsell offers until after you solve my problem.
Customer: I don't need backups.
Agent: That is just a heads up for you. But I can understand your hesitation, Elizabeth. If you like to know more about [company] products and features, please feel free to visit this site: [URL]
Agent: Thanks for waiting.
Agent: I do see here an existing email account with [company] as per checking your account.
Agent: I can surely provide a randomly generated password for you if you happen to forget your own password. I apologize for I am unable to provide the current password you have, as that information is hidden for your account's protection. How is that to you?
Customer: A random password is fine.
Agent: Thank you.
Agent: Before I can reset your password, I need to ask for the security pin. It is a 4 digit code that is sent to you by mail when you subscribe to our phone services. May I ask for the security pin please?
Customer: I don't have it.
Customer: Is there another option?
Agent: Not to worry.
Agent: We can use your security question.
Agent: What is your best friend's name?
Customer: [Best friend's name]
Agent: Great! That worked!
Agent: Let me go ahead and reset your password now.
Agent: I appreciate you staying patient with me. I have now your password.Temporary/Randomly Generated Password: [password]
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: To make sure your issue is resolved, can you check for me if the log ins work, Elizabeth?
Customer: Yes, hold on . . .
Agent: You're welcome.
Agent: Take your time, Elizabeth.
Agent: I would greatly suggest that you personalize your password into something you can easily remember through [URL], under [account] tab to ensure the safety and privacy of the account, Elizabeth.
Customer: That worked, thank you.
Agent: Magnificent that is! It feels great on my part knowing you were able to log in now. I really appreciate the time and opportunity you've given me in resolving your issue today, do you have anything else in mind aside from retrieving your logins, Elizabeth?
Agent: No need to thank us. We're here to thank you.

Customer: Hi, how are you Pawn?
Customer: Pawn, That’s a nice name.
Agent: I’m doing great today, G.E.. Thank you for asking.
Agent: How about you?
Customer: Not bad, have the day off work.
Agent: Hope you are doing fine today.
Customer: Question – on my latest bill, I had two charges for the Wrestler on Demand
Agent: That’s good to know, G.E.
Customer: The first didn’t work, so when I went back, it charged me a second time.
Agent: My sincere apologies for the inconvenience.
Agent: No worries G.E., I will be glad take a look at your account to confirm all information and take care of your concerns regarding your Comcast bill now.
Customer: OK.
Agent: Thank you.
Agent: G.E., thank you for waiting.
Agent: If I may ask, were you able to contact us when the first Wrestler on Demand did not work?
Customer: No, I just went back into it a second time b/c the first time didn’t work.
Customer: it worked the second time.
Agent: G.E., only we can consider removing the charge if you were able to contact us on the exact date that you found out that the show is not working.
Agent: G.E., are you still with me?
Customer: Hmm… I didn’t know about that contrived rule.
Customer: and I didn’t think I’d be charged in the first place since the movie never worked
Customer: why would I pay twice for the same movie knowingly?
Agent: I understand, G.E. however those shows were ordered on separate dates. If you were able to contact us, we can somehow consider removing the charge.
Customer: I am contacting you now to tell you.
Agent: I am referring on the date that the show did not work,
Agent: Since the charge is system generated.
Customer: The movie did not work. Your service did not deliver as promised, so I should not have to pay for it.
Customer: It’s only $2.99, but it’s a matter of principle.
Agent: G.E., i really understand how inconvenient it is spending out money. However, it was really not a problem considering a credit or removing the charge if it was brought to our knowledge the exact date of order and the show was not working.
Agent: If we take a look at it, today’s date is really beyond and is far from the date of the order.
Agent: Our system won’t even recognize that the show was not working since the order was successfully processed.
Customer: Look, I know you have the power to extend a courtesy credit. It should not matter what date this happened. This is poor customer service. If you do not extend a credit for this, I’m going to cancel my Comcast service right now. I’ll give you the choice.
Customer: Credit or Cancel. Up to you.
Customer: $2.99 credit, Pawn. Make it easy on yourself and do the right thing.
Agent: If this happened to be just a misapplied payment or something that is an error on Comcast side, then we’ll be gladly honor a credit on it.
Agent: But G.E., I do hope you understand that the order was made successfully and it’s already beyond or very far from the date the order was made. <G.E. Note: I had just received the monthly bill for these charges the day before I chatted in>
Customer: It does not matter what date this happened or when I am telling you about it.
Customer: OK, go ahead and cancel my service. I’m tired of Comcast’s poor customer service and I don’t want to give you guys any more of my money.
Customer: I’m also going to give this chat a poor rating when I’m done.
Agent: Alright, G.E. I know you are upset about this. I am glad we are able to clarify that if this thing happen again, we expect you to contact us in time.
Agent: I’m here to help you with this, G.E..
Agent: I know it is a risk for me, but, being a valued customer, I will take the risk to give you a credit this time.
Agent: How would you like it, G.E.?
Customer: Yes. That is what I’ve been asking for.
Agent: That’s alright, G.E. Let me do the process and I hope this would make you feel better.
Agent: G.E., thank you so much for patiently waiting online.
Agent: I have successfully processed an inconvenience credit on your account for $5.00
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: Just to set the right expectation, the credit will be posted on your account on the next billing cycle.
Agent: You are most welcome, G.E.,.
Agent: We always value you as our customer.
Agent: I hope this will make you feel better this time.
Agent: My sincere apologies for all the inconvenience.
Agent: G.E., I am glad we are able to clarify that if this thing happen again, we expect you to contact us in time.
Agent: Before we finish up, I’d like to just take a minute to review what we have done so far. We have resolved your concern by processing an inconvenience credit on your account to compensate with the Wrestler on Demand show which did not work on your initial order.
Agent: It was my pleasure to help you with your billing issue today, G.E.. Thank you for your patience. Do you have any other questions or concerns today?

Agent: am I speaking with Mr. Rohan Sharma. 

Customer: yes or no. Then we have to ask may I know whom I am speaking with?


Agent: good morning sir! I am Anusha calling from Reliance Infocomm. Our company has launched a very attractive calling card. Can I just take 5 minutes of your precious time to explain it to you?


Customer: ok. Go ahead.


Agent: Thanks you sir, As I was telling you about the calling card which comes with free reliance to reliance calling 24 hrs. And other local calls cost you just 45 paise per minute. All STD calls are fixed at rs 1 per minute. And all this come s for just rs 250 a month. This is not all sir. We have a scheme running if you buy the card today itself then yuou would be getting an add on card absolutely free. 

Customer: are you sure all local calls are for 45 paisa only?

Agent: yes Sir I m 100% sure.

Customer: But I already have two connections. What is the use of third one.


Agent: sir, now a days people keep 4-5 Sims and according to there usage and benefits they keep on switching to other Sims. And this sim is also very cheap and call rates are very less. You are getting the best deal sir. 

Customer: ok. What do I have to do?

Agent: sir you just have to give a copy of ration card or your driving license. Or pan card. And two photos of yours.

Customer: ok I have all these things ready.

Agent: Thank you sir. Our agent will come to your place tomorrow and collect all the documents from and deliver the sim to you. May I know the convenient time when you would be Available?

Customer: Ok, send your executive at 11 am tomorrow.

Agent: Ok, sir. Thank you very much. Have a nice day.

Customer: You’re welcome. You too have a nice day. Bye.


Agent: bye.
Agent: Good afternoon. TBH Network Solutions. 
Customer: Yeah, hi. My system is down and I need to speak with a technician. 
Agent: Oh, okay. Let me gather some information and see if we can help. What is your first name? 
Customer: Fred. 
Agent: And your last name; would you spell it for me please? Fred Sure. It’s C-H-A-M-B-E-R-S, Chambers. 
Agent: Okay. And your company name? 
Customer: I’m with GoldStar Environmental. 
Agent: GoldStar Environmental?
Customer: Yes ma’am.
Agent: Okay. And your callback number? 
Customer: 610-265-1715. 
Agent: That’s 610-265-1715? 
Customer: Yes. 
Agent: Okay. And what seems to be the problem today? 
Customer: My agents aren’t able to make or receive any telephone calls. 
Agent: Okay and what type of system do you have. Fred I have AmStar700, I think. Emily Okay. Are you able to log on to the system?
Customer: No, actually, I can’t even get an Internet connection. 
Agent: Okay. According to my records, the AmStar700 is a voiceover Internet protocol phone. It appears that because your Internet isn’t working, your phones are not working as well. Do you know who your Internet provider is? 
Customer: I have Verizon. 
Agent: Okay. Mr. Chambers, I’m going to get a hold of Randy, and have him return your call. Is the 610-265-1715 a good number to reach you at right now?
Customer: Yeah that’s my cell. That is working. 
Agent: Okay, great. In the meantime, see if you can reach out to Verizon and let them know your issue. And Randy should be calling you back shortly. 
Customer: Thank you very much for your help. 
Agent: You’re welcome. Thank you. Goodbye. Fred Take care. Goodbye.

Agent: Hello Elizabeth, Thank you for contacting [company] Chat Support. My name is Carol. Please give me one moment to review your information.
Agent: My pleasure to have you on this chat, Elizabeth! Remaining committed and focused on my goal which is to provide quality customer service at my fullest effort will always be at the pinnacle. It is with utmost sincerity that I want to extend apologies for any trouble, inconvenience and frustration the log in issue has brought along your way. I simply hope you are doing fine.
Agent: No worries. As your [company] service representative, I want you to know that issue resolution and your satisfaction are my top priorities for today. Together, we can work this out, Elizabeth.
Agent: As I understand your concern, Elizabeth, you want to retrieve your [company] username and password for you to be able to access your online account, right?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Thanks for clarifying that.
Agent: I genuinely know how it feels to be in your shoes right now and how inconvenient it is for you to contact us for this. I admit I sometimes encounter the same problem as yours like whenever I am not aware of my log ins, Elizabeth, which makes me realize on where the feeling of frustration may come from.
Agent: Don't worry, the wait will be worth, together, we will make sure to get this issue done for you. All we need to do is to check your account, look up for your [company] email address, and generate a temporary password for you to use in accessing your account.
Customer: OMG — please stop empathizing with me and just solve my problem!
Agent: I totally understand how important it is for you to have easy access to your account whenever and wherever you need to, Elizabeth. I can definitely take care of this for you today. Let me go right ahead and pull up your account first. Protecting your privacy is a priority to [company], may I have the name on the account, account number and the last four digits of your socials?
Customer: Elizabeth [last name]
Agent: Sure, Elizabeth.
Customer: [Account number]
Customer: [Social security number]
Agent: Awesome! The information truly helps for me to pull up your account! Thanks!
Agent: I appreciate your cooperation and patience. I have the account up now. I am checking on it, Elizabeth.
Agent: Oh by the way, for chatting in today, I am very happy to inform you that I can sign you up to and take advantage of our best [Company] features. This one's for free!
Agent: [Company] allows [product] subscribers to get 2 GB of space, a personalized portal, and the ability to share files through this site, [URL]. Plus, you can definitely take advantage of this feature if you have Norton installed in your computer since it automatically backs up files when your PC is idle, so backups won't slow you down or get in your way. Norton Backup will back up files to the local computer. For an online backup solution [company] offers [product] — [URL].
Customer: You should save your upsell offers until after you solve my problem.
Customer: I don't need backups.
Agent: That is just a heads up for you. But I can understand your hesitation, Elizabeth. If you like to know more about [company] products and features, please feel free to visit this site: [URL]
Agent: Thanks for waiting.
Agent: I do see here an existing email account with [company] as per checking your account.
Agent: I can surely provide a randomly generated password for you if you happen to forget your own password. I apologize for I am unable to provide the current password you have, as that information is hidden for your account's protection. How is that to you?
Customer: A random password is fine.
Agent: Thank you.
Agent: Before I can reset your password, I need to ask for the security pin. It is a 4 digit code that is sent to you by mail when you subscribe to our phone services. May I ask for the security pin please?
Customer: I don't have it.
Customer: Is there another option?
Agent: Not to worry.
Agent: We can use your security question.
Agent: What is your best friend's name?
Customer: [Best friend's name]
Agent: Great! That worked!
Agent: Let me go ahead and reset your password now.
Agent: I appreciate you staying patient with me. I have now your password.Temporary/Randomly Generated Password: [password]
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: To make sure your issue is resolved, can you check for me if the log ins work, Elizabeth?
Customer: Yes, hold on . . .
Agent: You're welcome.
Agent: Take your time, Elizabeth.
Agent: I would greatly suggest that you personalize your password into something you can easily remember through [URL], under [account] tab to ensure the safety and privacy of the account, Elizabeth.
Customer: That worked, thank you.
Agent: Magnificent that is! It feels great on my part knowing you were able to log in now. I really appreciate the time and opportunity you've given me in resolving your issue today, do you have anything else in mind aside from retrieving your logins, Elizabeth?
Agent: No need to thank us. We're here to thank you.

