
hello I bought simcity and told I cannot install it due to the product code already being used is there anyway to get the code reset or am i out the money paid? this is a very bad policy as I bought it NEW and very bad customer service I already bought it! What does a 15% discount do when I already paid $60 for it? may i speak with your supervisor please do EA has just lost a customer for life I will gladly post to every forum social networking site about this issue and considering I asked to SPEAK to your supervisor and you come back with a reply, that is very bad customer service shows where EA rates its customers really? i need the phone number for your corporate office and your employee id number




Wanting to ask about upgrades. I am doing ok, yourself? I am wanting to inquire about adding HD service and/or DVR to my existing plan. I am deciding whether to stay with comcast or move to AT&T. How much extra would it be to add HD alone? How much would it be to add HD and DVR? Is there a special pricing you can give to me as an existing customer no longer on contract? There must be a typo in your last statement..$15.95!?
I contacted Comcast about a month or so ago and the young lady quoted me about $6.00. Maybe you meant to type $5.95? Does that include DVR or just HD? Ok..how about adding extra channels? Are there any options available for that? How many? Which ones? ?
So the HDHBO, HDStarz, and HDTMC are included free?
and when you say "many more," I would like to know specifically what channels.
And what is the one more good thing?
I am not interested in 3D, thank you. I would like you to answer my above two questions.
Would I be paying anything extra for the HBO and Starz on top of the $5.95 extra? Do I only have those for 3 months as a free addon or is it included in the $5.95 indefinitely?
And after 3 months? Can you please get to the chase? No need to beat around the bush. Those channels are not free and that is not a special deal if I have to pay for them.
And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?
And from my understanding all the "extra channels" are just regular channels I already have but in "HD," am I correct?
Ok
I am waiting for this link.
Understood, Thanks.
Link??
Which package type do I select from the drop down menu?
No, the link shows me all channels (963 of them). From the drop down box, which package do I select? HD Digital Preferred? HD Digital Premiere? HD Digital Starter? Multilatino Ultra?
So if I add the $5.95 HD service to my plan I have already, I would be considered to have the HD Digital Starter plan?
So the next step up would be the HD digital preferred? How much extra would I need to pay a month for that?
Ok, so If I add the $5.95 HD addon, would I have to sign a contract or no?
Alright. Last question, what if I wanted to add DVR to the $5.95 HD addon, how much would that be?
Would you happen to know how much my bill would be each month after taxes if I add the $5.95? the $9.95?
Thank you.
Ok sounds good, I would like to add the HD and DVR $9.95 addon..When does this start? Do I need to pick up the receiver? Does Comcast bring it to me?
Yes, Thanks.
Fine, you probably have all the info you need from the previous chat, I would like to get this finalized as quick as possible.
Yes.
******
If that is the $9.95 add-on then yes.
I have no idea what the means. I just spent a very long time with someone who said I just need to pay an extra $9.95 a month for HD and DVR service upgrade. That is all I know and that is all I want.
?
Maiah, I would like to end this chat as quickly as possible. I have been talking with you all for a while now. I do not understand why I am being switched around to so many people and still have not been upgraded yet.
I just spent almost two hours now finalizing this entire order and now you are telling me it is going to be $15.95!? There is no way.. I have above even the quoted monthly after taxes bill. I need to speak with a supervisor.
This is ridiculous!
I need to speak to your supervisor.
Two hours Maiah! Do not come in two minutes and change everything at the last second. That is not right one bit and I am extremely upset right now.
?????????????
Double check? Discount? You understand? This is not rocket science. The gentleman gave me the price of $9.95 extra a month. I said yes. He connected me to get that added. I don't understand what the problem is and why it is taking so long.
I have now been connected with you for a half hour with still nothing to show Maiah.
How convenient I receive all the "wrong" info and then when it is actually time to add it shoots up to $15.95!? There should be no compensation or discount needed. The price should be $9.95, simple as that.
You must be out of your mind!! I need a supervisor this instance!
Do not talk to me anymore. Do not type anything else besides that you are connecting me to a supervisor.
Why is it taking so long. Is there a delay in sending and receiving these messages???
Connect me to a supervisor.
Connect me to a supervisor.
Connect me to a supervisor.
You better be typing that you are connecting me to s supervisor.
Connect me to a supervisor.
I did not ask for your explanation, I need to chat with a supervisor.
I need a supervisor or I will be blogging this chat on tech forums to show the kind of customer service Comcast provides.




Yes.
OMG — please stop empathizing with me and just solve my problem!
Elizabeth [last name]
[Account number]
[Social security number]
You should save your upsell offers until after you solve my problem.
I don't need backups.
A random password is fine.
I don't have it.
Is there another option?
[Best friend's name]
Thank you.
Yes, hold on . . .
That worked, thank you.





Hi, how are you Pawn?
Pawn, That’s a nice name.
Not bad, have the day off work.
Question – on my latest bill, I had two charges for the Wrestler on Demand
The first didn’t work, so when I went back, it charged me a second time.
OK.
No, I just went back into it a second time b/c the first time didn’t work.
it worked the second time.
Hmm… I didn’t know about that contrived rule.
and I didn’t think I’d be charged in the first place since the movie never worked
why would I pay twice for the same movie knowingly?
I am contacting you now to tell you.
The movie did not work. Your service did not deliver as promised, so I should not have to pay for it.
It’s only $2.99, but it’s a matter of principle.
Look, I know you have the power to extend a courtesy credit. It should not matter what date this happened. This is poor customer service. If you do not extend a credit for this, I’m going to cancel my Comcast service right now. I’ll give you the choice.
Credit or Cancel. Up to you.
$2.99 credit, Pawn. Make it easy on yourself and do the right thing.
It does not matter what date this happened or when I am telling you about it.
OK, go ahead and cancel my service. I’m tired of Comcast’s poor customer service and I don’t want to give you guys any more of my money.
I’m also going to give this chat a poor rating when I’m done.
Yes. That is what I’ve been asking for.
Thank you.



yes or no. Then we have to ask may I know whom I am speaking with?
ok. Go ahead.
are you sure all local calls are for 45 paisa only?
But I already have two connections. What is the use of third one.
ok. What do I have to do?
ok I have all these things ready.
Ok, send your executive at 11 am tomorrow.
You’re welcome. You too have a nice day. Bye.




Yeah, hi. My system is down and I need to speak with a technician. 
Fred. 
I’m with GoldStar Environmental. 
Yes ma’am.
610-265-1715. 
Yes. 
My agents aren’t able to make or receive any telephone calls. 
No, actually, I can’t even get an Internet connection.  
Yeah that’s my cell. That is working. 
Thank you very much for your help. 


